Points for Improvement on the paper:

Manageable

1. The authors seem to confuse the action function(al) with the
Lagrangian in the introduction. These are very distinct concepts.

2. The authors describe a very nice cost function (9) when external
forces are known, however they inexplicably switch to a different
function (11) when the system is conservative and external forces are
zero. They then complain that (11) is highly non-convex and hard to
optimize. Why not simply stick with (9) in all cases? Nothing prevents
you from setting \tau_{ext} = 0 in (9) and simply minimizing the
residual (8). 

is there a numerical benefit for using one or the other? A table illustrating the accuracy of the resulting
Lagrangian using these approaches would be interested to see if one is preferred over the other. 

to add which method was used to extract the Lagrangian in Table 1. Highlighting one of the dynamical systems and comparing each of the resulting Lagrangians (and the
derived dynamical system is within reasonable accuracy) would significantly strengthen and make clear the contribution of the work. 

3. Since the authors make direct comparisons to SINDy-PI, it would be
good to have at least a brief technical description of this algorithm
as background for the reader. (Add SINDy as well in the comparison method)


Challenging

1. Add results from data obtained by Schimdt and Lipson



Long strecth

1. Experiments were only performed with white noise. It would be better
to include some experiments where the true model is not in the same
model class as the basis used in the fitting to model more realistic
scenarios with unknown dynamics.

2. In other words, I would suggest implementing the
algorithm on sophisticated robotic systems with high DOFs. 

3. there is no guarantee that the optimal solutions of the
nonconvex NLPs converge to the actual optimal values. The algorithm may
converge to a local solution, and I am not sure how much that optimal
solution can be helpful for modeling and control. 

4. The authors choose a parameterization of the Lagrangian function
that does not necessarily result in a valid Lagrangian. For example, a
valid Lagrangian must have a positive definite Hessian w.r.t. q\dot.
These structural requirements on the Lagrangian can easily be
guaranteed by construction by appropriate choice of basis functions.
This issues is clearly apparent in the authors' discussion about having
to use a pseudo-inverse when computing the dynamics because the mass
matrix they compute is not always positive definite. This un-physical
behavior should be avoided.